Publish 25.0.0.2 GA blog post (#4274)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2025-02-25-25.0.0.2.adoc

- A new guide, link:{url-prefix}/guides/jakarta-faces.html[Building a dynamic web application with integrated user interface and backend logic], is published under the **Client side** category.
- All guides except those that are marked **Deprecated** are updated to use MicroProfile 7 and link:{url-prefix}/docs/latest/reference/feature/versionless-features.html[versionless features].
- The link:{url-prefix}/guides/cloud-azure.html[Deploying microservices to Azure Kubernetes Service] guide is updated to use the IBM WebSphere Liberty and Open Liberty on AKS plan to create resource group.

// DO NOT MODIFY THIS LINE. </GHA-BLOG-TOPIC>

[#CVEs]
== Security vulnerability (CVE) fixes in this release
[cols="5*"]
|===
|CVE |CVSS Score |Vulnerability Assessment |Versions Affected |Notes

|https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-47535[CVE-2024-47535]
|5.5
|Denial of service
|21.0.0.2 - 25.0.0.1
|Affects the `grpc-1.0` and `grpcClient-1.0` features
|===
// // // // // // // //
// In the preceding section:

> // If there were any CVEs addressed in this release, fill out the table.  For the information, reference https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs/blob/draft/modules/ROOT/pages/security-vulnerabilities.adoc.  If it has not been updated for this release, reach out to Kristen Clarke or Michal Broz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If there were any CVEs addressed in this release, fill out the table.  For the information, reference https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs/blob/draft/modules/ROOT/pages/security-vulnerabilities.adoc.  If it has not been updated for this release, reach out to Kristen Clarke or Adam Yoho.
```
I missed this as a section in the template that would need to be updated.
